Revise contributing documentation for clarity (#850)
COSIMA/MOM6-CICE6: documentation/docs/pages/contributing/Edit-Config-Docs.md

!!! tip
    Similar to the above, this method allows you create whole new pages and to preview the changes rendered into a website. It works whether or not you have write access to [`access-om3-configs`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs), but requires you to install `mkdocs` and takes the longest to set up.<br>

> Following [these instructions](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/#lets-get-started) but noting the documentation sources are in [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs/tree/main/documentation](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/tree/main/documentation). You'll need to [fork](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/#clone-the-forked-access-hive-docs-github-repository-locally) and clone [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs) if you want to write your own content (`mkdocs serve` should be invoked from within the `documentation` directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following [these instructions](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/#lets-get-started) but noting the documentation sources are in [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs/tree/main/documentation](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/tree/main/documentation). You’ll need to fork the [ACCESS-Hive Docs GitHub repository](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-hive.org.au) and clone it locally if you want to write your own content. Once cloned, make sure to invoke `mkdocs serve` from within the `documentation` directory.

Additional steps and contribution guidelines can be found here:
https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/#clone-the-forked-access-hive-docs-github-repository-locally
```
